hello dear friends with you
lemonade and today we talk to you about
such a thing as music in contact many
of you don't use the usual player for
iPhones and iPads and enjoy music
which you have social networks
contact here and let's consider now
some applications that will
do an excellent job with this task and
At the end I will tell which one is the most.
better now let's make brightness
more I will immediately say in this review we i
I'll show you 4 programs
two of them are paid 2 no and probably still
all the waves let's start go music
and that means first I can quit
caboose music music fan and in to playlist
let's start the very first
means that it is worth saying this program
free because it is light narrow
version well go away the real version is worth 1
a dollar of 33 rubles in our mean when
the first entrance as always force
log in and we have a spider here it appears
songs
which you need to download on
them from clicking on any and happening
loading
here is one of the downsides even if you song
already here so loaded okay now
I will say it appears green then we are on
click it and download the song but
let's let's show you what we
we leave back by the way another knife this
the program pretty much lags
here it is, yes, I go here and here it goes
download and moreover there is no one
playlist have to switch to
music he downloads without problems it was
we have fourth place another look in to
playlist app for free and
also allows you to download music but she
downloads and not so cool that is it
we just have a playlist song go
the playlist is loading and here we are you
calmly we can click download and
song is downloaded then go
downloads and also this is all listening also
not very comfortable especially here
advertising is constantly turning
cool and not very beautiful design and
here are two programs we came two
programs that are not and more cool
doing your function here let's
let's see first this music fan
I think many programs already know well
it is free and very good
cope with their abilities
authorization you have a playlist pops up and
when listening fee you can click
here on this star and immediately
automatically download songs
after which this little star happily
jumps over as he is elected and here you are
you can listen to her
pumped the song permin here and through
some time we will be shown as
asterisk jumps from songs to
favorites
now let's wait worth saying
that this program does not hang and also
suitable for all more or less new
platforms here jumped an asterisk and here
here we have a song now
well correct your function and here
one of the new arrivals over the centuries
musician did very well their
great design opportunities
programs mean that we go in my
audio recordings
authorization request is in progress let me
Windu quickly all I want to say one
of the minuses is the program that the program
requires almost every time you enter
authorization here I think it's a minus
Well, well, in general, I'm right now for you
show how it all works my God right now
I have already
I drive
here we have introduced by the way here you can see
work and docking stations
here you have songs and what a cool
so I can tell you when
listening to the song here firstly we can
click on any song and here it is
appears also appear here when
loading the picture and you can find
the words of the song that is here such
good opportunity
also here when listening to the full
versions of the song she she right away
is added to you saved ie
when listening, it is automatically
is loading here plus one important and also
You can of course come back saved
to see what is there in the settings from
we are simply told what and how
use that is very very very
convenient and clear program of the minuses
it is possible that there are no gestures and costs
she is 33 rubles that is 1 dollar here you are
can see
both and in some songs also can
find the text well in my opinion the best program
canister wife of course it's vk music
music for toll and music lover for
free but with you was estuary
subscribe to video put your fingers
up bye